Threadless Spring Broke Sale – $10 T-Shirts!
Published on March 05, 2007.
So there’s another $10 t-shirt sale goin’ on at Threadless.com .
I had a lot of referral credits ($30 worth) so I picked up some tees.
I was only gonna order one, but then they said I had to use all of my credit at once, so I ordered 3. Stupid Threadless!
Anyway, here’s what I ordered:
Pencil Forest
When I saw Pencil Forest debut a few weeks ago (or was it last week?) I thought it was pretty cool.
But not $15 cool.
Luckily, it’s $10 cool.
It sorta doesn’t make sense though.
So the guy is cutting down the tress to make pencils?
But why are the trees made of pencil shavings?
Oh well, I guess it doesn’t really need to make sense.
Para Poppins
I’ve wanted Para Poppins for a while now, though I don’t think it’s ever been in stock during a $10, which is usually when I’ll buy shirts from threadless.
It’s just the kind of weird, off-beat shirt that I find myself gravitated towards.
I’m sure Mary Poppins will show those insurgents who’s boss!
Stone Jungle
Stone Jungle is a pretty cool looking shirt that has some city stuff on the top, and nature stuff on the bottom!
How artsy fartsy!
I got it because I was forced to get 3 shirts.
I like the design, plus green is my favorite color, so yeah, there ya go.
In fact, I just noticed that all the shirts I ordered today have a shade of green in them… Weird.
The Threadless Spring Broke sale lasts until March 12, so get the shirts you want now!
And vote for this shirt to be reprinted!!!